Ransomware is considered scareware as it forces users to pay a fee or ransom by scaring or intimidati them. In this sense, it is similar to FAKEAV malware, but instead of capturing the infected system or encrypting files, FAKEAV shows fake antimalware scanning results to coax users into purchasing bogus antimalware software.

But this massive wave wasn't the only one. A few weeks later, a ransomware strain resembling Petya started spreading around Europe, affecting companies, Ukrainian institutions and banks, and even the even the radiation monitoring system at Chernobyl.

Ransomware has been a growing trend for the past two years, and this is just a culmination, a grand reveal to the wider world of just how big of a threat it is. But we've been writing about this for a while now.

The entity that creates the securities for sale is known as the issuer, and those that buy them are, of course, investors. Generally, securities represent an investment and a means by which municipalities, companies and other commercial enterprises can raise new capital. Companies can generate a lot of money when they go public, selling stock in an initial public offering, for example. City, state or county governments can raise funds for a particular project by floating a municipal bond issue. Depending on an institutions market demand or pricing structure, raising capital through securities can be a preferred alternative to financing through a bank loan.

Bearer securities are those that are negotiable and entitle the shareholder to the rights under the security. They are transferred from investor to investor, in certain cases by endorsement and delivery. In terms of proprietary nature, pre-electronic bearer securities were always divided, meaning each security constituted a separate asset, legally distinct from others in the ame issue. Depending on market practice, divided security assets can be fungible or less commonly non-fungible, meaning that upon lending, the borrower can return assets equivalent either to the original asset or to a specific identical asset at the end of the loan. In some cases, bearer ecuritie may be used to aid tax evasion, and thus can sometimes be viewed negatively by issuers, shareholders and fiscal regulatory bodies alike. They are therefore rare in the United States.
